Brandon Choi
1/9/2015
jc440
CS 308

Genre: Top down scroller shooting

Name: Space Chase: From Durham and Beyond

Back story: You are Marshall Plumlee. Tenting season has just begun and you cannot wait until the 
upcoming UNC game. However, during an alien invasion yesterday, evil aliens kidnapped Mike Krzyzewski 
along with the rest of the team. You soon find out that they were working with UNC's team in order to 
sabotage the game. You cannot let the tenters and the team down. You jump on the spaceship the athletics
department has so kindly provided and you chase after them. You are Duke's last hope!

Goal: You win the game by getting through both level 1 and level 2. The two levels are described below.
Dying (losing all 5 lives) before will make you start over from the beginning. In order to rescue 
Coach K and the team, you must survive 90 intense seconds of space travel and defeat the UFO and 
aliens.

Basic Mechanics: Arrows will control the spaceship and pressing the space bar will fire your weapon.
The first level resembles more of an obstacle course (similar to Asteroids) while the second level is
the boss level against the aliens' UFO. You are given 5 lives and so you cannot be hit more than 5 
times by any projectile. 

Levels/Modes:
Level 1: You are dashing through space at warp speed! There are asteroids flying around and debris
from all the human pollution (trash from the space command center, of course). The goal is to not 
get hit by anything for 90 seconds in order to catch up to the aliens' UFO. As mentioned before, 
you have 5 lives and so getting hit more than 5 times will be game over.

Level 2: You caught up with the UFO! This is the boss level. The UFO has 20 "lives" or health points.
There will also be 3 alien astronauts you must defeat who each have 3 lives. The goal is to destroy
all of them and rescue the team and Coach K. There is no time limit for this one.

UPDATES after Part 2 Implementation:

I used some abstract classes in order to avoid duplicate code in methods that were shared. Mainly, my design 
centered on objects which were represented from the Sprite class. Sprite was extended by Spaceship, Projectile,
Bullet and Alien. The rest of the classes extended one of these four classes and made into specific objects.
All of these used some kind of image in my image package in order to represent them on the game screen.

SpaceChase, LevelOne, and LevelTwo represent the different game plays available in the game. Level 1 is still 
a survival game and level two is the boss level. The specific numbers regarding health or whatnot may have changed
but the overall concepts for the two level remained the same as they were in the initial design document.

Everything in the Screens package represent possible screens that may show up. A lot of these were transitions
between levels as well as the win and lose screen. I never thought about having to make these specifically but
once I realized, I feel as though I made them efficiently.

Everything in the Sprites package were all the objects involved in the game. There were a few abstract classes
in there that were extended by other classes. This was the main chunk of my code and contained the objects'
functionalities.

GameTimer was just a simple class to make the timer needed in level one. The Main class starts the game.



